README.md, before:

# ARET API - Backend for CIS 3750 Project

## Crop Master List


### GET - Get all crops
URL: https://shielded-cove-74710.herokuapp.com/api/crops

required: none

returns: json object containing all crops recognized by the system

## Employees

### POST - New employee
URL: https://shielded-cove-74710.herokuapp.com/api/employees/new

adds a new ARET employee account to the database

required: email, password

returns: json object containing id, email and user type

### GET - Get the list of all employees
URL: https://shielded-cove-74710.herokuapp.com/api/employees/all

provides a list of employees

required: none

returns: json object containing all ARET employee accounts

### GET - Login as an employee
URL: https://shielded-cove-74710.herokuapp.com/api/employees/login?email=x@y.com&password=pass

authenticates the provided account information

possible status: ok, invalid email, invalid password

required: email, password

returns: json object containing status, email, and user type

### GET - query some criteria
URL: https://shielded-cove-74710.herokuapp.com/api/employees/query

queries the database to produce a list of ARET employees based on type and/or region

required: none

returns: json object containing all ARET employee accounts that satisfy the search criteria

## Farmers

### GET - List of all farmers
URL: https://shielded-cove-74710.herokuapp.com/api/farmers/all

returns: json object containing all farmer accounts in the database

### POST - new farmer
URL: https://shielded-cove-74710.herokuapp.com/api/farmers/new

adds a new farmer account to the database

required info: email, password

returns: json object containing farmer id, farmer email

### PUT -  update_farmer
URL: https://shielded-cove-74710.herokuapp.com/api/farmers/update

updates farmer account information based on information provided

required info: email

returns: updated json object

### GET - Login farmer
URL: https://shielded-cove-74710.herokuapp.com/api/farmers/login?email=x@y.com&password=pass

authenticates the provided account information

possible status: ok, invalid email, invalid password

required info: email, password

returns: login status, and farmer email in a json object

### GET - Query farmers on some creiteria
URL: https://shielded-cove-74710.herokuapp.com/api/farmers/query?age=56&region=2

queries the database to produce a list of farmers based on age and/or region

required: none

returns: json object with all farmers that satisfy the filter conditions

## Records

### POST - Make new crops 
URL: https://shielded-cove-74710.herokuapp.com/api/records/new

adds a new record to farmer's history

required: farmer email, crop_id

returns: json object containing all information for the new record

### GET - Query farmer records
URL: https://shielded-cove-74710.herokuapp.com/api/records/farmer

queries the database for record history of a farmer

required: farmer email

returns: json object containing all records associated with that farmer

Commit message:

updated README.md with 3 additional record URLs

README.md, after:

# ARET API - Backend for CIS 3750 Project

## Crop Master List


### GET - Get all crops
URL: https://shielded-cove-74710.herokuapp.com/api/crops

required: none

returns: json object containing all crops recognized by the system

## Employees

### POST - New employee
URL: https://shielded-cove-74710.herokuapp.com/api/employees/new

adds a new ARET employee account to the database

required: email, password

returns: json object containing id, email and user type

### GET - Get the list of all employees
URL: https://shielded-cove-74710.herokuapp.com/api/employees/all

provides a list of employees

required: none

returns: json object containing all ARET employee accounts

### GET - Login as an employee
URL: https://shielded-cove-74710.herokuapp.com/api/employees/login?email=x@y.com&password=pass

authenticates the provided account information

possible status: ok, invalid email, invalid password

required: email, password

returns: json object containing status, email, and user type

### GET - Query some criteria
URL: https://shielded-cove-74710.herokuapp.com/api/employees/query

queries the database to produce a list of ARET employees based on type and/or region

required: none

returns: json object containing all ARET employee accounts that satisfy the search criteria

## Farmers

### GET - List of all farmers
URL: https://shielded-cove-74710.herokuapp.com/api/farmers/all

returns: json object containing all farmer accounts in the database

### POST - New farmer
URL: https://shielded-cove-74710.herokuapp.com/api/farmers/new

adds a new farmer account to the database

required info: email, password

returns: json object containing farmer id, farmer email

### PUT - Update farmer
URL: https://shielded-cove-74710.herokuapp.com/api/farmers/update

updates farmer account information based on information provided

required info: email

returns: updated json object

### GET - Login farmer
URL: https://shielded-cove-74710.herokuapp.com/api/farmers/login?email=x@y.com&password=pass

authenticates the provided account information

possible status: ok, invalid email, invalid password

required info: email, password

returns: login status, and farmer email in a json object

### GET - Query farmers on some creiteria
URL: https://shielded-cove-74710.herokuapp.com/api/farmers/query?age=56&region=2

queries the database to produce a list of farmers based on age and/or region

required: none

returns: json object with all farmers that satisfy the filter conditions

## Records

### POST - Make new crops
URL: https://shielded-cove-74710.herokuapp.com/api/records/new

adds a new record to farmer's history

required: farmer email, crop_id

returns: json object containing all information for the new record

### GET - Query farmer records
URL: https://shielded-cove-74710.herokuapp.com/api/records/farmer

queries the database for record history of a farmer

required: farmer email

returns: json object containing all records associated with that farmer

### DELETE - Delete record
URL: https://shielded-cove-74710.herokuapp.com/api/records/delete/2

removes existing record from the database

required: record id

returns: json object containing all information in the deleted record

### PUT - Update record
URL: https://shielded-cove-74710.herokuapp.com/api/records/update/1

updates the record with crop_yield and date it was harvested

required: id, crop_yield included as json data

returns: json object containing all information in the updated record
